# PDF Watermarker

PDF Watermarker is a Node.js + Express project for adding watermarks to PDF files.
For the sake of testing and convenience, a simple frontend UI has also been implemented, 
which is located in the `.\client` directory.\
The application is hosted on Azure and 
can be accessed at https://purple-forest-0aba81b10.4.azurestaticapps.net/ (no longer active).

To streamline deployment, I've set up automated deployment to Azure with GitHub Actions. 
I have not included workflow files in the .zip, as I've decoupled the frontend 
and backend in GitHub and deploy them separately. However, for your convenience, 
I've combined them into one project folder for simultaneous start.

## Quick Start
Please ensure that you have Node.js and npm installed. 
If you encounter any issues, install the latest version of Node.js.
Execute all commands in the project's root directory.

1. **Install dependencies**:
```
npm run install:all
```
This command installs the necessary dependencies for both the frontend and backend.
2. **Start the server**:
```
npm run start:all
```
This command launches both the frontend and backend.

You can access the website at http://localhost:4200/, while the backend is running on http://localhost:3000/.

## Server testing

The server can be tested using the provided UI. I haven't implemented input validation 
on the client side, so you have the freedom to send any data to the backend for testing. 
The UI also displays any errors generated by the server.

In the `./testing_resources` folder, you can find empty, corrupted, and encrypted PDF 
files for testing.

Next, you'll find three ways to test the app. Use the one that is most convenient for you.

### Testing with Azure-Hosted UI (the easiest way)
1. Simply use the version deployed on Azure at: https://purple-forest-0aba81b10.4.azurestaticapps.net (no longer active).
   The code running on Azure is identical to what you find in this .zip file.

### Local Testing with UI
1. Start the server following the instructions in the "Quick Start" section.
2. Access the application at http://localhost:4200/.

### Testing with Postman
1. Start the server using the instructions provided in the "Quick Start" section.
2. Import the ".postman_collection" file from the `./testing_resources` folder into Postman.
3. In Postman, add the PDF file and specify the watermark text in the "Body" tab and send request.